before i begin let me start by saying
when you love someone
you spend your years worshipping that
fool just to end up losing your looks
losing your damn mind and being buried
alone while she run off with another man
or two
let's start our movie today is captain
louis
renault all center the pain only
invisible man your choice
play our story begins with a night at
the opera i mean what the hell did you
expect this movie ain't called phantom
mother roxbury
see all these women in the audience done
drag day mans to see this wannabe muffin
who looking more like a talk to me
and look you can't blame the ladies for
wanting to take in a little eye candy of
their own after all them nights their
men force them to spend at the titty bar
i'm assuming if you just look down into
the pit you'll see the real stud muffin
of this film
michelle eric claudiane
so introducing christine dubois who's
supposed to be a french opera singer but
she sounded awfully american to me
you see she got the hots for men in
tights so she gets called into the
principal's office to get a little
lecture about how she needs to be more
like the independent women
throw your hands up at me and forget all
about what it'd be like to taste that
top
fast forward to after the opera where
eric runs into his crush
and you know how you spend hours at home
swearing to the great phantom in the sky
that the next time you see your crush
you're not gonna say something weird
but then when you see him you'll be like
hey how you been you look well you've
been eating enough you take a duty today
that might be what's causing that
bloating
and they just walk away slowly so they
don't hurt your feelings
now eric been called into the
principal's office too but this ain't a
lecture about life and love
no it's all because his damn fingers
like his other old and useless
appendages done gone a little limp in
that old age
so he tries to fool the boss into
believing he steals somebody by playing
a little ditty
about jack and dying and the boss is
like
well that was lovely now flame is
something else like you know
something that actually [ __ ] matters
but claudine can't
so he gets into early retirement with no
pension
no social security and no retirement
money why
because his food been spending all his
money on that young piece of tail
that's right my friends this sad little
muffin with his limp biscuit been paying
for christine's vocal lessons on the
down low
so claudine is bummed and he goes home
to get nagged by this
bit about how he ain't paid the landlady
and around since the united states had a
coherent president
so the next day he goes to have a little
sit down with christine's vocal coach
and what does he overhear
some misogynistic [ __ ] like you know you
didn't sound so great today
it's probably because you're a woman are
you tired take a duty
maybe on the rag don't kill the
messenger mama wrote that joke
all the man wants is for christine to
keep getting her crooning lessons while
claudine tries to scrape together a few
dollars by selling that little ditty he
wrote
off to the music publishers see how this
is right there and what does he over
here
some [ __ ] about how the main man in
the joint ain't got no time to be
meeting with losers with delusions of
grandeur
then they take some [ __ ] from this fella
who looks like he should be the mascot
for some brand of refrigerated i'll can
croissant
and what does he overhear folks playing
his concerto in another room
and what doesn't he overhear the players
saying how great the work is and how
they all publish it
but because he's broke and paranoid and
thinks his jingle's been jacked
he commits his first of a few homicides
all in the name of love
now this pissed me off the bit already
dead and you just splash and pull claw
down with the acid to be petty
damn this poor man's life just going
from bad to worse
now his face gonna be all disfigured
he's on the run from the po-po
with a whack mug he gonna have to cover
with a mask ain't never gonna get no
loving from that young muffin
oh clawdam don't go washing your face in
the duty water now
i know that [ __ ] burn but you don't want
to catch the typhoid see
this is where love gets you one minute
you're running from the po-po
next you're sticking your face in the
poo poo oh lord here we go
poor clawday hiding out pining in the
sewers for christine while two men who
ain't at the disadvantage of having
their faces burnt off by petty [ __ ]
get to play footsie with his woman so in
this scene there's a bust
the ballpark on the right found it in
claudine's room but it was sculpted by
the man in tights on the left and then
the popo gives it to christina's gift
and i don't know why you're giving away
ain't yours but i ain't about trying to
get into the heads of these desperate
fools
the bottom line is they think the stolen
bus is a sign that claudine might be
having his eye on christine's
other bust back at the opera house the
phantom doing phantom things
creeping in the shadows whispering
secrets to his favorite muffin about how
he's gonna do sweet things for her and
help her be the star of the show
things any man in love would do like oh
poison the prima donna so christine can
sing then kel said prima donna when she
don't let his muffin get her deserved
dues
and then kill her maid for being in the
same damn room at the wrong damn time
and with christine's tartan causes golf
tossing right in front of god and
everybody
and writes scary notes to the owners of
the opera house demanding christine get
to be the star of the show since you
know the other lady already did and all
might as well
so mr fancy pants thinks the best way to
get claude ann out of the sewer since i
guess the odor of steaming human dung
down there ain't enough
is to stab him in the back by having
some chick other than christine do the
howling
and then perform claudine's own concerto
continuing to twist that knife into sad
man's already broken heart
but you know claude ain't got that mean
streak he done killed at least three
people
might as well go for the quadra kill so
then claudine's like
okay since you ain't gonna let christine
sing guess i might have to drop this
chandelier on your noggins
there's a tiny saw eric you best put
some elbow grease into it
there you go then claudia makes
christine believe he's one of the police
because i think the popo always run
around in opera masks
and he's like i'll play you that little
ditty and you'll sing for me and don't
you fret not about the odor in due time
it'll burn your olfactory nerves and you
won't smell a thing
you won't even need deodorant or nothing
so with no respect for the deceased
under the weight of that big lamp that
laying all up on the heads of some quite
unfortunate opera patrons
the show must go on and when claudine
hears his music
that poor soul he gets on the 88s and
starts playing along
telling christine some [ __ ] like sing
for me
and the todd and the popo are able to
find christine and her man's all thanks
to that ruckus they making down in that
[ __ ] hole
and because the death and destruction
hasn't been quite enough to freak her
the [ __ ] out
she insists on seeing what's beneath the
mask and then she starts screaming
no she don't but she should because she
sees where that bit splash claw down
with the acid just to be petty
but of course the mustache meddlers
gotta start they damn homewrecking and
parklaw dangerous has to stand there and
take a bumbling
then they stop for a little backstory
about how clauden's concerto was based
on some song from his village which is
also christine's childhood village and
how she was always drawn to him and
pitted him and how even though he's
about to turn worm food at least he got
to hear his concerto before he died and
love his bullsh blah blah blah blah
and now christine's a big big [ __ ]
star
and it looks like the popo gonna have to
develop a hankering for the tartan
tights
the end thank you to these muffins who
much like the phantom for christine give
me money to be
artsy jennifer p
v cameron t star kitten
dissie chris oh dan w
davis c whiskey kennedy
and melissa s if you would like your own
little call out
take a little fantastic voyage over to
my patreon page to find out how
for movies explained for i'm jeb
artsy dial